we understand that you expect your doors
and windows to provide trouble-free
service for a lifetime other
manufacturers may promise long life from
their products but we back our doors and
windows with a lifetime limited warranty
exposed to heat cold and moisture doors
and windows have a hard life but pro-v
adore products are built to withstand
nature's worst with durable oven-baked
coatings while you want products that
retain their beauty you also want them
to provide long trouble-free operation
that's something you can count on with
pro-v adore products all glass will flex
as it warms and cools but the design of
our warm edge glazing system stands up
to this bending and bowing and maintains
the product's thermal efficiencies the
high performance heat resistant window
trim on our entry doors is warranted not
to warp crack or pull away from the door
even in high temperature locations all
of our products are made with materials
that set them apart from the typical
consumer grade products available many
of our entry doors start with 49 percent
more galvanized steel than what you'll
find in a standard 24 gauge door we
produce many of our own door slabs the
body of the door to ensure the highest
quality the components of our 20 gauge
door slabs are weld free they're held
together securely with interlocking tabs
and slots then permanently bonded
together with a high performance
adhesive finally the slab is filled with
polyurethane foam that makes the door
more solid while increasing thermal
performance and decreasing noise the
final result is a door that's square and
solid with exceptional structural
strength install to the door frame with
our heavy duty ball bearing hinges these
doors will provide long-lasting smooth
door operation our solid brass door
hardware is another source of
long-lasting beauty all pro via door
products are built to last but we also
offer features and styles that provide
even greater durability for example our
duraguard series storm door has heavy
duty stainless steel screening
to keep children and pets safely inside
your home and the mitered corners of all
our storm doors are secured using
corrosion proof gussets for long-lasting
structural integrity our vinyl patio
doors feature the ultimate and
durability with their strong
multi-chambered frame we reinforced the
door panels with galvanized steel to
ensure rigidity and stable operation all
of our vinyl doors and windows
incorporate a UV inhibitor to prevent
them from yellowing cracking or
blistering over time inside and outside
our doors and windows are designed and
built to give long lasting good looks
with years of trouble-free service
pro-v adorn products are a better more
durable alternative to consumer grade
products